PGPFAKE, Version 0.05             PGP 5.0 Shell for OS/2

This shell allows programs that are designed to use PGP 2.6.3 to use PGP 5.0 instead.
It was originally written as an interface between PMMail 1.96 and its old 
support for PGP 2.6.3. However, the new support with v0.04 allows most 2.6.3
calls to work with PGP 5.0. It is designed to work with the OS/2 port of PGP 5.0,
available from http://www.openpgp.net or http://www.pgpi.com


What's new?
-----------

0.05:
FIX: When mistyping the Passphrase upon signing the message text was skipped
     and the message was sent and stored empty. Now pgpfake has the interface
     to inform the caller (especially PMMail) of the error. Just as with 2.6.3 
     PMMail then displays a warning popup (Wrong Passphrase) and lets the user
     reenter the passphrase.
NEW: Two executables (emx 0.9d fix 3). pgpfake.exe compiled with "gcc -O2", 
     compressed\pgpfake.exe compiled with "gcc -s -Zcrtdll -mpentium -O"
     and lxlite compressed. 
NEW: Nick Burch made the proposal to put pgpfake under the GNU public license.
     I failed to contact Thomas Vandahl, but as he originally released the
     source code I assume (and hope) it is alright with him.

	version 0.05 by Dieter WERNER

0.04:
NEW: Allows PGPFAKE.EXE to be called as if it were PGP.EXE, and passes
     the request on to PGP5.EXE (seamless use of PGPFAKE.EXE in other words)
NEW: Support for most of the 2.6.x command line structure, including passing
     to PGPK.EXE and PGP5.EXE
NEW: Support to always encript to the senders ID.

        project handed over to Nick Burch <Nick@Horton-Vineyard.com>

0.03:
NEW: Thanks to Walter Schmidt <wschmi@ibm.net> for giving me a hint how to
     realize batchmode with PGP 5.0.
NEW: Thanks to Dieter Werner <e8726172@student.tuwien.ac.at> for adding
     support for "sign & encrypt".
NEW: Support for adding public keys to keyring
FIX: Signing a document did not always include the message text
FIX: Doubly spaced text files no longer occur

0.02:
FIX: Non-initialized variable.


Features
--------

This was originally only written as a quick shell to allow PGP 5 support
with PMMail, as a stop-gap until PMMail 2.0 came along with PGP 5 support.
With that in mind, only the following features seem to work:

- sign a message
- verify a signature
- encrypt a message to 1 recipient
- sign and encrypt a message to 1, 2 or 3 recipients
- decrypt a message
- include public key in message
- add public key to keyring
- seamless PGP 5 useage
- PGP 2.6.x commandline usage

The following features are not implemented

- add 2.6.x public key fingerprint
  PGP 5.0 needs a passphrase to generate a public key fingerprint, and since
  2.6.x didn't, the passphrase isn't supplied, so there's not a lot we can do!


How do I use this thing?
------------------------

Copy pgpfake.exe to the directory pointed to by PGPPATH. Rename your pgp.exe 
to pgp5.exe and pgpfake.exe to pgp.exe. That's all. Note that this "shell" is
only designed to handle calls by PMMail. It may not work with other programs.
If you would like to know what the program did, set PGPFAKE_DEBUG=1 in your
config.sys and reboot. pgpfake will then write a logfile to %TMP%\pgpfake.log.
The result of the signature tests will be in %TMP%\signok.txt.

The program needs the emx-runtime libraries to run. If you have installed
PGP 5.0, these should already be on your system. If not, you can get them
from most BBS's and OS/2 ftp sites (you know the list)

If you care to comment about this program, your opinions are very much
appreciated. The program and its source are Freeware. Don't blame me if
something doesn't work. Fix it and send the source back to me. Thats how
things get implimented!


Known Bugs:
-----------
* When encripting, the last line of the message isn't encripted and so isn't sent
* The 2.6.x Decript assumes that if the first argument passed to the program ends
  in .pgp or .asc, then it's supposed to decode it
* Some long command line arguments may be mistaken for being a PMMail call, and be
  handled totally incorrectly. In this case, you'll just have to call PGP5.EXE 
  yourself
* You can only send encripted mail to 1 person, and signed and encripted to 1 to 3
  If you want to sign and encript to more, open the source code, and see what I've
  done for case 17 and 18. Modify this for case 18 (3 people) and so on. I can't 
  see the need so I havn't coded for more recipients.


Who's hehind all this?
----------------------

Versions up to 0.03
Thomas Vandahl <thomas.vandahl@contec-dt.de>

Version 0.04 (and probably future ones)
Nick Burch <nick@horton-vineyard.com>

Version 0.05
Dieter WERNER <d_werner@gmx.net> (<e8726172@student.tuwien.ac.at>)
